This can be a simple program and maybe you already have a solution you can tailor to suit our needs. Its very basic. 
The program should consist of four modules or sections, we don't care if they are separate programs or not.

The program will be used for job times and tracking. We want to keep it simple for the users 
that will be clocking in and out on jobs.

The user clocking module of the program should be touch screen compatible (large buttons) 
and really only needs to consist of a few message windows and a numerical keypad. 
The default state of the program when opened will display the numerical keypad with
a message for the user to enter their pin. (we will assign them pin numbers, 
4 digits most likely, in the admin section of the program and associate the pin with their name.) 
Upon entering their pin it will direct them to scan their "WORK ORDER".
This will be accomplished by input from a typical bar code scanner. 
The input is numerical text such as "RO0256251" the only part the program will need to record
is the 0256251 or last 7 digits. When the user scans the work order this will clock in the job
and the clock will begin running in the background (there is no need to show this in the user input module). 
The program will then return to its default state so to be ready for another user to clock in or out their job.

......So when the user logs in with their pin and scans the work order once it will begin the clock and 
when the user scans it the second time it will stop the clock. It will need to handle exceptions when 
the user clocks in on a work order more than once by adding the two times together. (other users will
 also be able to clock in or out on the same job.)

The display module of the software we will want to be a client to the user interface or use a 
network database that is shared by the user module. This module can also contain the admin 
functions and reporting functions. The display will show users that are clocked in and which 
numbers they are clocked in on and for how long (a running clock min and hrs only, no seconds required). 
It only needs to be basic. The admin section needs to be able to add users by name and assign a pin number to use, 
that is all. The reporting module needs to provide reporting by date first then job number (we call job number: RO#),
 such as RO#0256251 Completed by Tech(s) Mike 00:26, John 00:12 AND by date first then user such as 
 Mike completed: RO#0256251 00:26, RO#0256252 00:14 Total time: 00:40 (laid out in a column format of course,
  or an excel export if that is easier.) It also would be nice to have a text input box for searches by job number also.
